Religion is not necessary for morality.
The average American has a higher carbon footprint than the average person in developing countries.
Many people who claim to be "allergic" to certain foods are actually just experiencing mild discomfort or intolerance.
Religion has been a major source of conflict throughout history.
Men tend to earn more money than women on average.
The average CEO salary is much higher than the average worker salary.
The United States has a higher rate of maternal mortality than other developed countries.
The majority of people who commit crimes will reoffend.
There are biological differences between men and women.
Religion has been used to justify numerous acts of violence throughout history.
People with higher incomes tend to have better access to healthcare.
The majority of people who experience a traumatic event will develop post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
The majority of criminals come from low-income backgrounds.
People who are attractive tend to have an advantage in many areas of life.
Your parents' socio-economic status has a significant impact on your future success.
The quality of education in public schools in low-income areas is often lower than in wealthier areas.
Women tend to be more emotional than men.
Women are generally less physically strong than men.
Religion has been a significant source of conflict and violence throughout history.
Not all cultures are equal in terms of accomplishments and contributions to society.
Men on average are physically stronger than women.
Women are statistically worse drivers than men.
Women are biologically designed to have a harder time building muscle mass than men.
Capital punishment does not effectively deter crime.
The vast majority of criminals who are released from prison will eventually reoffend.
More men than women are interested in STEM fields.
Women are underrepresented in many leadership positions.
Immigrants are more likely to commit crimes than native-born citizens.
The United States has the highest rate of incarceration in the world.
Women are more likely to suffer from depression than men.
The death penalty does not deter crime.
The majority of sexual assaults are committed by someone the victim knows.
Men are biologically stronger than women.
Religion can be a major source of conflict and violence.
Some races are more prone to certain illnesses than others.
Men are more likely to commit violent crimes than women.
Women are more likely to suffer from anxiety and depression than men.
Physical attractiveness is strongly correlated with success and happiness.
People are more likely to be attracted to others who are physically attractive.
Some racial and ethnic groups have higher rates of certain diseases.
Men, on average, make more money than women in the same job.
Most people will not achieve their dreams or reach their full potential.
Multinational corporations often exploit workers in developing countries.
The majority of domestic violence is committed by men against women.
The US has the highest rate of gun violence among developed countries.
Some people are simply born with more advantages and opportunities than others.
The average lifespan of a transgender person is lower than that of a cisgender person.
The average American produces more waste than the average person in a developing country.
Many people who claim to be "introverted" are actually just shy or socially awkward.
The death penalty is not always applied fairly.
The United States has a higher rate of incarceration than any other country in the world.
Children born to teenage mothers are more likely to experience poverty and lower academic achievement.
The average American has a higher carbon footprint than the average person in a developing country.
Capital punishment does not effectively reduce crime rates.
The US has the highest rate of incarceration in the world.
Women are not as physically strong as men on average.
Men are generally physically stronger than women.
The majority of people who suffer from mental illness do not receive proper treatment.
Religious beliefs are not supported by scientific evidence.
People who are attractive are often treated better than those who are not.
The average lifespan for people with Down Syndrome is shorter than for those without it.
Religion is not necessary for a person to live a moral and ethical life.