Gun ownership can help reduce crime rates.
Affirmative action policies can lead to reverse discrimination against certain groups.
Socialism has failed in every country it has been tried in.
The minimum wage can lead to job loss and decreased economic growth.
Climate change is not the most pressing issue facing the world today.
Not everyone is equal in terms of intelligence, talent, or ability.
Public schools often fail to provide a quality education to students in low-income areas.
Lowering taxes for the wealthy can stimulate economic growth and job creation.
There are inherent biological differences between men and women.
Affirmative action can sometimes lead to reverse discrimination.
The use of fossil fuels has helped to lift billions of people out of poverty.
Police officers are more likely to be killed by black men than any other group.
The majority of welfare recipients in the US are able-bodied adults.
People of certain races are more likely to commit certain crimes than others.
Higher taxes can discourage economic growth and job creation.
The gender pay gap is not entirely due to discrimination.
Private schools tend to provide a better education than public schools.
There are more violent crimes committed by black people than any other race in the US.
Capitalism is the most efficient economic system.
Immigrants can sometimes strain the resources of a community.
Immigrants often depress wages for low-skilled workers.
Many people who are poor have made choices that contribute to their financial situation.
There are biological differences between males and females that affect behavior and preferences.
High taxes can discourage people from working and investing.
The gap between the rich and poor in the US continues to widen.
People with higher levels of testosterone tend to be more aggressive.
Children who grow up in single-parent households are statistically more likely to face challenges in life.
Religious beliefs can be harmful and can lead to violence and discrimination.
It is much easier to become wealthy if you are born into a wealthy family.
Some people are born with genetic advantages that make them more successful than others.
A majority of terrorism worldwide is committed by Islamic extremists.
Some cultures are more successful than others.
The minimum wage can lead to job loss and increased automation.
Climate change is a natural phenomenon that has occurred for millions of years.
Drug addiction is often a result of personal choice.
Crime rates tend to be higher in low-income neighborhoods.
Immigrants can strain social services and resources in certain areas.
The majority of people who live in poverty are not there because of systemic oppression.
Most social welfare programs create a cycle of dependency rather than helping people become self-sufficient.
Immigrants can have a negative impact on wages for low-skilled workers.
There is a correlation between low-income neighborhoods and high crime rates.
The welfare state can create a disincentive to work and reduce productivity.
Most college graduates are not prepared for the workforce and lack the necessary skills.
Raising taxes on the wealthy can lead to capital flight and economic stagnation.
Private schools tend to have better academic outcomes than public schools.
The concept of cultural appropriation is subjective and can be used to stifle creativity and innovation.
The death penalty is a more effective deterrent against crime than life imprisonment.
Some people are simply not cut out for higher education and would be better suited for vocational training.
The US is not a racist country and has made significant progress towards equality.
There are genetic differences between different races.
The death penalty can be a deterrent for violent crime.
Affirmative action can be discriminatory towards certain groups.
The US has a better healthcare system than most other developed countries.
Religion can be used to justify acts of violence and discrimination.
Immigrants, on average, consume more government benefits than they pay in taxes.
People who come from wealthy families tend to have more opportunities than those who come from poor families.
Drug addiction is often a result of poor personal choices.
Genetic differences exist between different racial and ethnic groups.
Free speech should include the right to offend others.
Most people who are obese have poor eating habits and lack of exercise.
The death penalty can be an effective deterrent against certain crimes.
Climate change is a natural part of the Earth's cycle and has happened many times throughout history.
People who are obese tend to have shorter lifespans than those who are not.
Punishing criminals is more important than rehabilitating them.
Censorship can be necessary to maintain social order in certain cases.
The majority of people who suffer from obesity do so due to their own lifestyle choices.
Immigrants tend to commit more crimes than native-born citizens.
Minimum wage laws can lead to job loss and higher prices for consumers.
The minimum wage can lead to job loss and decreased business profitability.
Immigrants tend to commit more crimes than non-immigrants.
Immigrants, on average, have lower levels of education and income than native-born citizens.
The majority of welfare recipients are able-bodied adults who choose not to work.
The majority of crime in the US is committed by men.
Gun ownership can be a deterrent to crime.
Immigrants can drive down wages for low-skilled workers.
Climate change is a naturally occurring phenomenon that humans have little control over.
Affirmative action can result in reverse discrimination against certain groups.
Guns do not cause violence; people do.
Some people are naturally more intelligent than others.
Immigrants can strain a country's resources.
The gender pay gap is largely due to differences in education, experience, and job tenure.
Immigrants can have a negative impact on the job market for native-born workers.
Immigrants can have a negative impact on a country's economy if they do not assimilate.
Climate change is a natural and ongoing process that has occurred throughout the Earth's history.
Immigrants can have a negative impact on the economy of host countries.
The average lifespan of a homeless person is significantly shorter than that of someone who is not homeless.
The majority of terrorism in the world is committed by Islamic extremists.
Climate change is a natural occurrence that has happened throughout Earth's history.
The gender pay gap is largely due to differences in career choices and work experience.
There are biological differences between men and women that impact their abilities and preferences.
The majority of people who are homeless suffer from mental illness or addiction.
Affirmative action can be discriminatory against certain groups.
Poverty can be caused by individual choices and behaviors.
Gun ownership can lead to increased violence and accidents.
IQ tests have been shown to be a reliable measure of intelligence.
The gender pay gap is largely due to differences in career choices and hours worked, rather than discrimination.
The gender pay gap is largely due to differences in career choices and work hours.
The gender pay gap is largely due to career choices and not discrimination.
There are biological differences between men and women that contribute to differences in abilities and interests.
Government welfare programs can create a cycle of dependency and discourage people from seeking work.
Guns do not kill people, people kill people.
Not all cultures are equal in terms of promoting human rights and freedoms.
The average lifespan of a black person in the US is shorter than that of a white person.
Some cultures are more advanced than others in terms of technology and innovation.
The gender pay gap can partially be attributed to women's choices in careers and work-life balance.
Capital punishment is an effective deterrent against crime.
Not everyone is entitled to a college education.
Most people who live in poverty suffer from poor decision-making and lack of motivation.
The United States has the highest rate of incarceration in the world.
The gender pay gap is largely explained by differences in career choices and work experience.
Abortion is the taking of a human life.
Abstinence is the only 100% effective method of birth control.
Certain minority groups commit a disproportionate amount of crime in the United States.
The minimum wage can lead to job loss and automation.
Children raised by married parents tend to have better outcomes than those raised by single parents.
The majority of people who receive government assistance do not use it as a stepping stone to financial independence.
Climate change is a natural process that has been occurring for millions of years.
Some races have a higher crime rate than others.
People with higher intelligence tend to have higher incomes.
The majority of welfare recipients are not able-bodied adults who simply refuse to work.
Immigrants can have a negative impact on the job market for low-skilled workers.
The death penalty is a just punishment for certain heinous crimes.
The average IQ of different races can vary.
The majority of people who are homeless have a mental health condition or substance abuse problem.
Most people who become successful do so because of luck and privilege, not just hard work.
Climate change is a natural phenomenon that has occurred throughout Earth's history.
Climate change has been happening naturally for millions of years and humans have only been contributing to it for a short time.
Some people are simply more intelligent than others.
Some cultures are more violent than others.
Minimum wage jobs are not meant to support a family.
Some people are born with genetic advantages over others.
Religion has been responsible for many wars and conflicts throughout history.
Climate change is a natural phenomenon that has been happening for millions of years.
Children raised by two-parent households tend to have better outcomes.
The majority of police officers are not racist.
Climate change is not the biggest threat to the world.
Affirmative action policies can actually lead to discrimination against qualified individuals who do not belong to a minority group.
IQ is largely determined by genetics.
Many people who are homeless suffer from drug addiction or mental illness.
Not all cultures are equal in terms of promoting human rights and democracy.
The death penalty can be an effective deterrent for certain crimes.
Certain genetic traits are more prevalent in certain races due to evolution.
Immigrants can pose a security risk to a country if not properly vetted.
The gender pay gap is largely due to differences in career choices and work hours, not discrimination.
The gender pay gap is influenced by career choices and hours worked, not discrimination.
Some cultures are more advanced than others.
Most people who are born into wealth stay wealthy throughout their lives.
There are biological differences between men and women that impact their abilities and behaviors.
The average lifespan of a transgender person is lower than that of a non-transgender person.
Drug addiction is often a result of personal choices and behaviors.
Climate change has been happening naturally for millions of years.
The death penalty does serve as a deterrent to some crimes.
Affirmative action can lead to reverse discrimination.
There is a correlation between race and intelligence.
Most people who are obese are that way due to poor diet and lack of exercise, rather than genetics.
Most illegal immigrants do not pay taxes.
Affirmative action can result in reverse discrimination.
The welfare state can create a culture of dependency and reduce work incentives.
Immigrants can strain welfare systems in countries with generous social benefits.
Climate change is a natural process that has occurred throughout Earth's history.
There are biological differences between races.
Abstinence is the most effective form of birth control.
Charter schools can provide better education outcomes than traditional public schools.
The gender pay gap is largely due to occupational choices and not discrimination.
Most people who win political elections are the ones who spend the most money on advertising.
Some cultures are more advanced than others in terms of technology and societal norms.
Gun ownership does not necessarily lead to more violence or crime.
The average lifespan for African Americans is shorter than for White Americans.
Not all cultures are equal in terms of their contributions to human civilization.
The welfare system can create a cycle of dependency.
Immigrants can put a strain on a country's resources and infrastructure.
Immigrants do not always contribute positively to the economy.
Incarceration rates are higher for African Americans than for other races in the US.
Immigrants can have a negative impact on the economy of the host country.
The use of fossil fuels has significantly increased the standard of living for billions of people worldwide.
Affluent liberals can often be hypocritical in their advocacy for social justice causes.
There are biological differences between men and women that can impact their abilities and preferences.
Not all religions are peaceful.
The majority of people in jail have committed crimes and deserve to be there.
The death penalty is a deterrent to violent crime.
Some races may have genetic advantages in certain sports.
Immigrants often commit more crimes than native-born citizens.
Capital punishment can be an effective deterrent for some crimes.
There is a correlation between low IQ and poverty.
Immigrants, on average, have a lower level of education than native-born citizens.
Intelligence is largely influenced by genetics.
Most drug addicts are not victims of circumstance, but rather made poor choices that led to addiction.
The vast majority of people who are homeless struggle with addiction and mental illness.
Being a single parent can negatively impact a child's development and success.
Abstinence is the only 100% effective form of birth control.
Some cultures are more violent and aggressive than others.
Immigrants may lower wages for low-skilled workers in the short term.
The majority of abortions are performed for non-medical reasons.
The welfare system can create a cycle of dependency and discourage work.
Capital punishment can act as a deterrent for violent crime.
Religious institutions can have negative impacts on societal progress.
Climate change has been occurring naturally for millions of years.
People who are born with good looks have an easier time in life.
The majority of police officers are not racist or biased against minorities.
Drug addiction is often a choice and not solely a disease.
The death penalty can be an effective deterrent against crime.
Welfare programs can create a cycle of dependency.
There are differences in average intelligence between different ethnic groups.
The welfare system can disincentivize work and create dependency.
Bilingual education can delay the academic progress of non-native speakers.
Having children can negatively impact a woman's career.
Religious beliefs can have a negative impact on scientific progress.
The average American has more than $6,000 in credit card debt.
The majority of people who are homeless suffer from mental illness or substance abuse.
Not all religions are equal in terms of their impact on society.
Taxing the wealthy at a higher rate can have negative consequences for the economy.
The death penalty can be less expensive than life imprisonment.
Violent crime rates are higher in low-income areas.
People who are overweight are more likely to suffer from health problems.
Immigrants can have a negative impact on the job market for native-born citizens.
Free speech is under threat on college campuses.
The majority of crime is committed by men.
There are biological differences between men and women that affect their abilities and interests.
People who are obese tend to have higher rates of health problems.
Immigrants can have a negative impact on a country's economy if they are not properly integrated.
In the US, immigrants commit crimes at a higher rate than native-born citizens.
White people are more likely to be accepted to selective colleges than people of other races with similar qualifications.
Immigrants can strain social services and resources.
Universal healthcare systems often lead to longer wait times for medical procedures.
Climate change is a natural process that has occurred throughout history.
The use of fossil fuels has contributed to overall global prosperity and development.
Most violent crimes are committed by men.
Income inequality is not inherently bad and can motivate people to work harder.
Illegal immigration can have negative impacts on the economy.
Abstinence is the most effective way to prevent pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases.
The majority of people on welfare are able-bodied adults who could work.
Most successful entrepreneurs come from privileged backgrounds.
Intelligence is largely inherited.
Immigrants without proper documentation are breaking the law.
Affirmative action programs can result in reverse discrimination.
The death penalty can sometimes be necessary to protect society.
Standardized testing is an effective way to measure student achievement.
There is a correlation between poverty and crime rates.
Immigrants may bring crime and strain on social services to a country.
The death penalty is less expensive than life imprisonment in the long run.
Some races are more prone to certain genetic health conditions than others.
Guns can be used for self-defense.
The death penalty is more cost-effective than life in prison.
Most people who are born into wealth have a significant head start in life compared to those who are not.
Some cultures are more violent and less tolerant than others.
Not everyone can be successful, and some people are born with natural advantages over others.
Some races and ethnic groups have higher crime rates than others.
The majority of terrorist attacks in the US are carried out by Muslim extremists.
Some races tend to have higher athletic ability than others due to genetics.
Some people are naturally more talented or gifted than others.
People who are overweight are more likely to have health problems.
The average lifespan of a transgender person is shorter than the average lifespan of a non-transgender person.
Most people who are obese have poor eating habits and do not exercise enough.
There is a significant difference in average intelligence between different races.
The majority of violent crimes are committed by young men.
The death penalty is a deterrent to crime.
The gender pay gap is not solely caused by discrimination.
Religious people tend to be happier and more satisfied with their lives than non-religious people.
Immigrants can put a strain on a country's resources and economy.
There are significant genetic differences between different racial groups.
The gender wage gap decreases when controlling for career choices and work hours.
The majority of terrorist attacks in the US are carried out by individuals with extremist Islamic beliefs.
Socialism has historically led to economic failure and political oppression.
The gender wage gap is often due to differences in career choices and work hours.
Immigrants with low levels of education tend to earn less money than native-born citizens.
Some people are born with a predisposition to obesity.
The US has the highest incarceration rate in the world.
Immigrants can sometimes take jobs away from native-born workers.
Not everyone is capable of achieving the same level of success in life.
The death penalty can be an effective deterrent for crime.
Intelligence is partly determined by genetics.
Affirmative action programs can lead to reverse discrimination.
Higher taxes can discourage entrepreneurship and innovation.
Climate change is a natural occurrence that has happened throughout history and is not solely caused by human activity.
Immigrants do not always contribute positively to the economy of the country they move to.
Single-parent households are more likely to experience poverty than two-parent households.
People who are born into wealthy families tend to have better opportunities than those born into poorer families.
Climate change is a natural phenomenon that has occurred throughout the history of the Earth.
The criminal justice system is not inherently racist.
In the US, African Americans commit a disproportionate number of violent crimes compared to other races.
Some cultures are more advanced than others in terms of technology and societal organization.
Immigrants, on average, commit more crimes than native-born citizens.
Children raised in single-parent households are statistically more likely to struggle with poverty and other challenges.
The gender pay gap is not solely due to discrimination.
The gender pay gap is not solely due to discrimination, but also factors such as job choice and experience.
Not all cultures are equal in terms of social and economic success.
Certain races and ethnicities are overrepresented in the criminal justice system.
Minimum wage laws can actually harm low-skilled workers by reducing job opportunities.
Nuclear power is a safe and reliable source of energy.
Climate change is not the biggest threat facing humanity.
Mental illness is a significant contributor to mass shootings.
Some people are simply born with more natural talent and abilities than others.
The death penalty does not statistically reduce crime rates.
Capital punishment can be justified in certain circumstances.
Affirmative action programs often discriminate against qualified individuals based on their race or gender.
Raising the minimum wage can lead to job loss and inflation.
The gender pay gap is largely due to differences in career choices and experience.
Capitalism has lifted more people out of poverty than socialism.
People who are physically attractive tend to have an easier time in life.
People who are obese are more likely to suffer from a variety of health problems.
The vast majority of people convicted of violent crimes are men.
Countries with strict gun control laws often experience higher rates of violent crime.
People who are overweight or obese tend to have a higher risk of health problems.
The average lifespan of a homeless person is much shorter than that of the general population.
The majority of welfare recipients in the US are not actively looking for work.
Climate change is a natural phenomenon that has occurred throughout the Earth's history.
Affirmative action policies can lead to reverse discrimination.
Religion has been a significant cause of violence and conflict throughout history.
Single-parent households are more likely to experience poverty.
Cultural diversity can cause social tensions and conflicts.
Some cultures are more prone to violence and conflict than others.
Immigrants who enter the US illegally are breaking the law.
Most people who live in poverty make poor financial decisions.
The average American spends more on entertainment than on education.
Not everyone has the same capacity for success.
Immigrants are more likely to commit crimes than native-born citizens.
LGBTQ individuals are more likely to have mental health issues than heterosexual individuals.
Abortion can have negative long-term psychological effects on women.
Most people who are homeless have drug or mental health issues.
The death penalty can be an effective deterrent for some crimes.
People who are born into a lower social class tend to stay there.
Some races are more susceptible to certain diseases than others.
Minimum wage laws can lead to higher unemployment rates.
Raising the minimum wage tends to result in job loss for low-skilled workers.
Climate change has been happening for millions of years and is not solely caused by human activity.
The minimum wage can lead to job loss and decreased hours for low-skilled workers.
Climate change is not the biggest threat to humanity.
Most people who are obese have unhealthy eating habits and lack of exercise.
The majority of welfare recipients are not actively seeking employment.
Traditional marriage between one man and one woman is the most stable and beneficial for society.
Climate change is a natural occurrence that humans have only contributed to a small degree.
Most people who are obese are that way because they eat too much and exercise too little.
There are genetic differences between racial groups that can lead to differences in health outcomes.
Socialism has led to the collapse of many economies and societies.
The majority of people who live in poverty have made poor life choices that contributed to their situation.
The wealth gap between white and black Americans has been shrinking.
Climate change is a natural occurrence that has been happening for millions of years.
The death penalty can be a deterrent to crime.
Government-run healthcare systems can lead to longer wait times and decreased quality of care.
Most people who are overweight or obese are that way because they consume too many calories.
Higher taxes on the wealthy can stifle economic growth and job creation.
People who are overweight or obese tend to have poorer health outcomes.
Some races tend to have higher crime rates than others.
Some people are simply born into better circumstances than others.
Some cultures are more prone to violence than others.
Raising the minimum wage can actually lead to job loss and decreased economic growth.
Immigrants can have a negative impact on a country's economy and social systems.
There are biological differences between men and women that affect their abilities and preferences.
Children raised by single parents are statistically more likely to struggle with poverty and other issues.
Immigrants, both legal and illegal, often take jobs away from American citizens.
The earth's climate has been changing for millions of years and human activity is only a small part of that.
Immigrants can strain a country's resources and infrastructure.
Some people are just naturally more attractive than others.
Gentrification can have positive effects on a community.
The majority of welfare recipients in the US are able-bodied adults who choose not to work.
Low-income neighborhoods tend to have higher crime rates than wealthy neighborhoods.
Mental illness can be a contributing factor to violent crime.
The average IQ of individuals in different countries can vary greatly.
Guns are not the leading cause of death in the United States.
In the US, gun ownership is protected by the Second Amendment to the Constitution.
Capital punishment can be more cost-effective than life imprisonment.
Some cultures are more prone to violence and aggression than others.
Homeless people are more likely to suffer from mental health issues.
Most people on welfare are able-bodied and could work.
The majority of mass shootings in the US are carried out by individuals with a history of mental illness.
Capital punishment is sometimes necessary for the safety of society.
The use of fossil fuels has contributed significantly to the development and progress of modern society.
The US has one of the lowest rates of police brutality in the world.
Immigrants can take jobs away from citizens.
The United States has one of the best healthcare systems in the world.
The concept of white privilege is not applicable to every situation.
The death penalty is not always applied fairly and can disproportionately affect marginalized communities.
Most people who are homeless suffer from addiction, mental illness, or both.